"Hello dear all please find out my cod pen project link
https://codepen.io/hamedhp/pen/YzyPNQZ?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? A semantic element clearly describes its meaning to both the browser and the developer.
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML code ensures the proper formatting of text and images for your Internet browser. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the
     element such as width and height of an image. Attributes are always specified in the start tag (or opening tag) and
      usually consists of name/value pairs like name="value" . Attribute values should always be enclosed in quotation marks. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?Each page or 
    post can have multiple headings. The <H1> HTML tag is usually used for the title of a page or post 
    and it is the first header visible on a page. The formatting of an h1 usually differs from the rest
     of the header tags found on a page (h2, h3, h4)
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes:The src Attribute
    The href Attribute
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <head> Tag
    7. What is an id? Definition and Usage. The id attribute specifies a unique 
    id for an HTML element (the value must be unique within the HTML document). 
    The id attribute is most used to point to a style in a style sheet, 
    and by JavaScript (via the HTML DOM) to manipulate the element with the specific id.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? The id attribute can be used on any HTML element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? one times
    10. What is a class? The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? the class attribute can be used on any HTML element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many times i need to
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?If you set the target attribute to "_blank",
     the link will open in a new browser window or a new tab.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? The required alt attribute
     specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed. The alt 
     attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it 
    15. How do I reference an id? with #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?Difference between section and div in HTML.
     The section tag defines sections in a document like chapters, headers, footers whereas div tag defines 
     a division in an HTML document.
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is the language for describing the presentation of Web pages,
     including colors, layout, and fonts. It allows one to adapt the presentation to different
      types of devices, such as large screens, small screens, or printers. CSS is independent
       of HTML and can be used with any XML-based markup language.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page: just writing down h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one:1
   A class can be used several times, while an ID can only be used once, so you should use classes for
 items that you know you're going to use a lot. An example would be if you wanted to give all the paragraphs
  on your webpage the same styling, you would use classes.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?To select elements with a specific class, write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div .slidbar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements 
    that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height Property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?text-transform: uppercase;text-transform: lowercase;text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?border: <dive class="box">     .box{1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?universal selector* 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?/*======= comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls comment
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm -r path/to/folder  - beacuse i may dellet somthing important
    34. Why should I use version control? Using version control software helps you keep track of changes 
    — and keep every team member working off the latest version.
    35. How often should I commit to github?ou can commit as often as you like;
     I always did git commit --amend whenever I left my machine for more than about a minute, just before locking the screen
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push  <REMOTENAME> <BRANCHNAME>
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.This project is designed for one to practice the Git/Github workflow here at Lambda School. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?You can't put block elements inside inline elements. Formatting.
     By default, inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements, on the other hand,
      typically cause a line break to occur (although, as usual, this can be changed using CSS)
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? An absolutely positioned element is an element
     whose computed position value is absolute or fixed . The top , right , bottom , and left properties specify offsets from the edges of the element's containing block.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 